Add data api docs (#224)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/aura-graphql-data-apis/index.adoc

= GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB Beta

Welcome to the beta release of GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB.

Your feedback and insights help us refine and evolve the product and meet the needs of our users.

The beta release is designed to give you a first look at GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB.
You may encounter suboptimal behavior.

You can help us get GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB ready for production:

- *Dive in*: Explore and test its features.
- *Test the product limits*: We'd rather discover weak areas at this stage.
- *Share your experience*: Tell us what works, what doesn't, and what you'd like to see in the future.

> - *Stay in touch*: Use email (`jon.giffard@neo4j.com`), our `#graphql` channel on our https://discord.gg/M8mTADEJ[Discord Community], or our https://community.neo4j.com/c/drivers-stacks/graphql/33[forums] to report issues, suggest improvements, or ask questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Provide feedback*: Use email (`jon.giffard@neo4j.com`), our `#graphql` channel on our link:https://discord.gg/M8mTADEJ[Discord Community], or our link:https://community.neo4j.com/c/drivers-stacks/graphql/33[forums] to report issues, suggest improvements, or ask questions.
```

> - *Provide feedback*: Use email (`jon.giffard@neo4j.com`), our `#graphql` channel on our link:https://discord.gg/M8mTADEJ[Discord Community], or our link:https://community.neo4j.com/c/drivers-stacks/graphql/33[forums] to report issues, suggest improvements, or ask questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Provide feedback*: Use our `#graphql` channel on our link:https://discord.gg/M8mTADEJ[Discord Community], or our link:https://community.neo4j.com/c/drivers-stacks/graphql/33[forums] to report issues, suggest improvements, or ask questions.
```

= GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB Beta

> == Foreword

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Welcome to the beta release of *GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the beta release of GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB.
```

> We are thrilled to have you join us at this exciting stage of our journey. Participating is more than just trying out this feature – your feedback and insights will directly influence how we refine and evolve its future to meet the needs of users like you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your feedback and insights help us refine and evolve the product and meet the needs of our users.
```

> This beta release is designed to give you a first look at *GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB*. While we’ve worked hard to ensure a functional and valuable experience, there is the chance that you may encounter suboptimal behavior. We see these occasions as chances to listen, learn, and improve before *GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB* is released to all of our customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The beta release is designed to give you a first look at GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB.
You may encounter suboptimal behavior.
```

> Here’s how you can help us get *GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB* ready for production:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can help us get GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB ready for production:
```

> - *Dive in*: Explore and test its features to your heart’s content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Dive in*: Explore and test its features.
```

> - *Break stuff*: We’d rather discover weak areas at this stage – go for it, don’t hold back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Test the product limits*: We'd rather discover weak areas at this stage.
```

> - *Share your experience*: Tell us what works, what doesn’t, and what you’d like to see in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Share your experience*: Tell us what works, what doesn't, and what you'd like to see in the future.
```

> - *Stay in touch*: Use email (`jon.giffard@neo4j.com`), our `#graphal` channel on our https://discord.gg/M8mTADEJ[Discord Community], or our https://community.neo4j.com/c/drivers-stacks/graphql/33[forums] to report issues, suggest improvements, or ask questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Provide feedback*: Use email (`jon.giffard@neo4j.com`), our `#graphql` channel on our link:https://discord.gg/M8mTADEJ[Discord Community], or our link:https://community.neo4j.com/c/drivers-stacks/graphql/33[forums] to report issues, suggest improvements, or ask questions.
```

We value your time, creativity, and honest feedback – thank you for your trust and collaboration.

Sincerely,

Jonathan Giffard

> The GraphQL Team at Neo4j

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
